DOCS-2300 Add TOTP Documentation (#11277)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/settings/_index.md

- link: "/synthetics/identify_synthetics_bots/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Identify Synthetic Bots"
- link: "/synthetics/guide/browser-tests-totp"
  tag: "Documentation"

>   text: "Time-based one time passwords (TOTPs) for multi-factor authentication (MFA)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: "Time-based one time passwords (TOTPs) for multi-factor authentication (MFA) in Browser tests"
```

[3]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "MFA Token" %}}  
 

> In the Global Variables tab of your Settings page, click Create Global Variable and enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the **Global Variables** tab of your **Settings** page, click **Create Global Variable** and enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider:
```

> In the **Global Variables** tab of your **Settings** page, click **Create Global Variable** and enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider:

Reviewer: The first part of the sentence is a repetition of what's in the above section - let's adjust accordingly.

> In the **Global Variables** tab of your **Settings** page, click **Create Global Variable** and enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider:

Reviewer: Use something along those lines instead:

```suggestion
You can create a TOTP to use in your tests by creating a global variable where you enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider.
```

> 1. In *Choose variable type*, select *MFA Token*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In **Choose variable type**, select **MFA Token**.
```

> 2. In *Define Variable*, enter a *Variable Name*. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In **Define Variable**, enter a **Variable Name**. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores.
```

> 3. Enter a *Description* for your variable (optional).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Enter a **Description** for your variable (optional).
```

> 4. Select *Tags* to associate with your variable (optional).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Select **Tags** to associate with your variable (optional).
```

> 5. Enter the *Secret Key* to your variable or upload a QR code image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Enter the **Secret Key** to your variable or upload a QR code image.
```

> 6. Click **+ Generate** to create an OTP. You can copy the generated OTP with the Copy icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click **+ Generate** to create an OTP. You can copy the generated OTP with the **Copy** icon.
```

> 7. In *Permissions settings*, restrict access to your variable based on roles in your org. For more information about roles, see the [RBAC documentation][1].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. In **Permissions settings**, restrict access to your variable based on roles in your org. For more information about roles, see the [RBAC documentation][1].
```

> 7. In **Permissions settings**, restrict access to your variable based on roles in your org. For more information about roles, see the [RBAC documentation][1].

Reviewer: Content of 7. leaves in [this section][https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/settings/?tab=specifyvalue#restrict-access], so should be removed.

> {{< img src="synthetics/settings/synthetic-mfa-setup.png" alt="Create a new MFA token" border="true" popup="true">}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< img src="synthetics/guide/browser-tests-totp/new-variable-totp.png" alt="Create a MFA token" style="width:100%;" >}}
```

> {{< img src="synthetics/settings/synthetic-mfa-setup.png" alt="Create a new MFA token" border="true" popup="true">}}

Reviewer: I'm unable to see the image on the staging preview, let's double check it's alright before merging 🙏

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a note to link the guide to TOTP.

[3]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "MFA Token" %}}  
 

> You can create a TOTP to use in your tests by creating a global variable where you enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To generate and use a TOTP in your tests, create a global variable where you enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider.
```

1. In **Choose variable type**, select **MFA Token**.
2. In **Define Variable**, enter a **Variable Name**. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores.
3. Enter a **Description** for your variable (optional).
4. Select **Tags** to associate with your variable (optional).
5. Enter the **Secret Key** to your variable or upload a QR code image.
6. Click **+ Generate** to create an OTP. You can copy the generated OTP with the **Copy** icon.

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/browser-tests-totp/new-variable-totp.png" alt="Create a MFA token" style="width:100%;" >}}

> **Note**: A complete [guide for TOTP][2] is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: For more information, see the [TOTP guide][2].
```

[3]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "MFA Token" %}}  
 
To generate and use a TOTP in your tests, create a global variable where you enter a secret key or upload a QR code from your authentication provider.

1. In **Choose variable type**, select **MFA Token**.
2. In **Define Variable**, enter a **Variable Name**. Your variable name can only use uppercase letters, numbers, and underscores.
3. Enter a **Description** for your variable (optional).
4. Select **Tags** to associate with your variable (optional).
5. Enter the **Secret Key** to your variable or upload a QR code image.
6. Click **+ Generate** to create an OTP. You can copy the generated OTP with the **Copy** icon.

{{< img src="synthetics/guide/browser-tests-totp/new-variable-totp.png" alt="Create a MFA token" style="width:100%;" >}}

> **Note**: For more information, see the [TOTP guide][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For more information about TOTP-based MFA in a browser test, see the [TOTP guide][2].
```
